Gerald salente would say that when
people have nothing left to lose they
lose it well in today's video I'm going
to show you what that brings us to I'm
telling you right now it's not pretty
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you we don't have to be
backed into a corner and simply give up
when we get to this stage and we start
to recognize what we see here there are
actions that we can take but I'm going
to show you today not only uh what's
coming and what they're planning for us
this you know everything's actually
already underway it's already being
built but of course things that you can
do as an individual we'll talk about
that at the end you know what's
interesting is there's always this media
that's out there in order to inform us
you know you might get the weather you
might get statistics that they put out
you you can look at you know sports
scores that happen from the the night
before that's coming out in the media
the things you watch but there's also
some things that are being put out there
intentionally just to put you fast
asleep now you might not want to be
falling asleep you might actually just
want to know what's going on but the
vast majority of that information is uh
not going to inform you but I'm going to
show you something here I'm an economist
don't worry be happy yeah that's right
um this is from your favorite newspaper
the New York Times um basically what
they said was you don't have to worry
we've been through this before prices
yes they've gone up but don't worry your
salary has gone up too oh you're richer
because you're
401K all of that nonsense all of that
nonsense in this article at the New York
Times why don't we instead instead of
looking at garbage why don't we look at
something real Jamie demon invol people
issues an economic warning so we have
two
opposing sort of pieces of information
right look
here I'd rather just get everything at
Walmart Dollar Tree Shoppers upset with
price hikes so I watch this little clip
here and basically what they say is that
dollar tree has started to increase the
price of stuff and some items at Dollar
Tree go up to now seven seven Us doll
okay where I am we got Monopoly money
that would be like over $10 of stuff now
Dollar Tree is not what it was before
like there are dollar stores that have
things for a dollar and the things that
you're going to buy for that $7 you know
that's something that it's not something
that was $1 last year of course they're
selling more things they have food items
they got like all kinds of stuff there
so we have to take that with a grain of
salt of course but the point is they've
been increasing the price of everything
there's no question about that Dollar
Tree the fastest growing segment what
they said here of their customers is
those making
$125,000 a year so those people are
choosing to go to the dollar store now
as I said they're selling more stuff
than they did before they're kind of
becoming the variety store um but I
think it's really important to address
What's Happening Here the currency the
currency the currency is being devalued
but that same time what's happening here
with all businesses is that they are
pushing as much as they can they're
trying to find that ceiling I know this
myself in my business where Amazon is
put in the squeeze I didn't increase
prices for something like two
more than two years as Amazon's pushing
increasing those
fees but of course eventually you got to
start to dial that up a little bit too
because your margins keep thinning out
okay if they're doing that well I got to
respond that's what some of these
businesses are doing right I realize as
a small business not a big business
what's going on those that are really
controlling things are putting the
squeeze on everybody else trying to
squeeze you out a business business in a
sense the rich are getting second
passports citing risk of instability so
those with money are looking at the
scenario they're saying prospects are
not good I at the very least want a plan
B you see what's happening if they have
money they're saying you know what uh
yeah I'm getting out of here or I'm
going to get a second passport I want
something that's you know if the stuff
hits the fan I've got a place to go and
some are actually doing plan B's and
plan C's and so on what we have here is
part of flag Theory flag theory is
actually quite interesting where if you
have the money if you have the ability
to do so you would be able to plant
Flags in different places so what does
that mean you are a resident of one
place you have your corporation in
another place you have a bank account in
another place and all of these things
work seamlessly with each other but
they're all in different places
different flags everywhere so that you
have the maximum amount of
diversification possible it's not that
expensive uh but certainly the average
person not going to be able to do it and
wouldn't be able to take advantage of it
anyway if you're job is where you are
you you know your family's there like
everything is just like right there
locally where you are flag Theory you
know it's a small thing uh but for some
people they're simply just getting out
they're saying I've had enough look
another example why Californians are
fleeing this once Golden State they talk
about the prices they talk about all all
the different issues but I think it's
important to note that there's different
things happening so there's people
leaving the expensive Parts I did a
video recently actually showing a map
where it it uh different colors where
people move in to and from and I thought
it was amazing to see that kind of thing
because um you know you don't get those
maps to appear too often but it was
something telling and it explained how
areas that are too expensive well what
happens people can't afford it they
leave and when they do that you're
taking tax money with you and so the
government gets put further into debt
while we have these high interest rates
of course that's going to squish people
even further oh no this year we can't
afford to fix the roads oh no no no we
can't afford this particular program we
used to run you see what happens here it
is a big issue the fried chicken is in
New York the cashier is in the
Philippines so uh yeah I read through
this and basically what's
happening is outsourcing so these people
on that screen if you could see that
there um the cashier is makes $3 an hour
$3 an hour okay um and what happens is
uh these people they come up on the
screen they say hey I'd like to help you
here you know they kind of guide you
through instead of interacting with just
a screen I don't know why why does it
even matter like why I even have the
human there it seems kind
of like why B there at this point um but
more and more people particularly the
young people are becoming more
comfortable with interacting with the
technology and less comfortable
interacting with us silly humans and so
what are they going to do they're going
to be going to the places that they just
a hey you know what I could just go to
these places touch two buttons and out
out my food comes that's the Future Okay
I I think the highend the very very
high-end upscale restaurants won't do
that of course but everything that's a
casual and and all the way to down to
fast food is going to go this route I I
really believe that that's how they cut
costs oh you want to make New York
increases let's say the minimum wage
let's say it becomes 20 bucks an hour
okay no problem we just uh get rid of
everybody and then we Implement some
sort of offshoring or robots or flippy
the robot and so
on Zimbabwe I covered this for I mean
I've been doing it since the beginning
meet zigg Zimbabwe's latest shot at a
stable currency yes that's right they
are going at it once again there you can
see the currency oh I'm sure that
cutting zeros off the currency is the
best way to accomplish your issues uh
getting them
handled or not what do you think let me
know in the comments below what do you
think the value of the zig will be in
the near future one year from now what
do you think it's going to be would you
say half its value would you say 1/10th
of
value you you got policy problems you
need to fix them and that hurts if that
meant pain if I could tell you you had
to experience pain for the next year for
the next two years but after that it's
rocket growth wouldn't it be worth it
wouldn't it be worth it to just say look
it's gonna suck for a year or two but
then after that it's going to be real
good we're going to get you know real
job growth we're going to get all these
different things businesses
entrepreneurship things will grow things
will get
better or we can just take the risk and
keep applying more debt and keep money
printing debasing the currency devaluing
the currency you tell
me and what happens here of course
people push to the edge they do whatever
it is they can cash strapped argentines
QE for eyeball scans remember remember
this thing well in Argentina people are
saying I'll do whatever the heck I can
because my currency's worthless and so
I'll take some of this stuff I'll
convert it they'll probably just take it
and instantly convert it to either
Bitcoin or their own cash or
whatever and so that's going on right
now you see it you see people push to
the edge do whatever they have to
do and
now for those who stayed until this
Point get to learn exactly what this all
entails imfs tobius Adrian on a
multilateral solution to the world's
crossborder payment wo what is he
talking about he is talking about
cbdcs he's talking about everything
that's been happening they are looking
at this right now being the solution to
the problem
a cbdc central bank digital currency
that is not only you have one for the
ECB you got one for the fed you got no
no no we are talking about a system that
they're saying The Ledger like the
blockchain right they would all be
interconnected all central banks have to
accept a certain unified Ledger system
so of course they could talk to each
other they could read each other and
there's going to be one group that's at
the center of that maybe it's the IMF
the biz is already doing that today bank
for international settlements they're
doing
so these tests are happening the beta
test is happening and they are going to
push everybody into the
cbtc and that means imagine you have a
problem with your current system just
think about where we are headed
the system is
so
beyond it's beyond anything where you
can ever you know oh I'll just get
around it I won't use it I won't accept
it people are pushed to the edge and
they will accept anything because they
have to they're saying well I'll take
it you can see the offshoring you can
see the robots you can see the AI you
could look at the economy the inflation
and the prices of everything one by one
by one and we get to the supposed
solution hegelian dialectic problem
reaction solution cbdc not just a
central bank digital currency because
that in itself wouldn't mean much but
one that is connected with all the
others in order to eliminate all all
that last last shred of sovereignty that
you may have had that last little bit of
control you
remember in the United States Congress
at least they Grill the FED every so
often what are you doing why did you do
that what's going to happen with this
why are you doing this there will be
none of that anymore it won't even
matter because the overlords above them
they make the decision so the FED would
just sit back and say it wasn't us it's
them they told us or we had to because
you know multilateral and because of
international and because of national
and because of this and that they make
excuses
and it's over that's the way it goes
what can you do as an individual number
one well here's the thing you got to
understand the pillars of prosperity so
you can type into a search pillars of
prosperity the money GPS that video
breaks it down number one one increase
income number two
self-sufficiency these two things are
important you could focus more on one
than the other but I would look at both
you got to understand what you can do
what your limitations are of course
where you live and things but you've got
to understand the pillars of prosperity
look at the section how to and solutions
I've got a playlist and of course as
always live I cover it every single week
with my Live Crew I hope you join links
in the description there I want to see
you back here tomorrow all right take
care see you